# u3236164_Navya-Vinod-Moorthy_Front-End-Design_A3

The aim of this assignment was to build a website using ChatGPT and what we have learnt over the past 13 weeks. Personally, I had fun working on this assignment as this in a way shows that AI is not bad after all and how it can be useful if used in the right ways. For the longest time I have seen and read articles on how people fear that AI might take over, but I genuinely believe that it is something that we can work along with.

The first step of this assignment was to pick a topic, which was honestly the hardest part as there is so much to choose from. It felt like a good idea to proceed with what I had done with the last assignment and focus on a few buildings from Canberra Modern, but this did not strike the passion and motivation I needed to get started. After a few google searches on what could be an interesting topic, I decided to make the website on Vivid Sydney. I did not come with a plan or have a process in mind but dived right into ChatGPT with my prompts. The idea was to see what the platform could come up with and alter the codes if necessary. 

Overall, the platform was effective in coming up with proper, structured, and semantic codes. It helped create the basic layout of the pages and a style sheet on CSS, but something that bothered me was having to tell it to do something again and again for example, I asked it to make the homepage using Raleway as the font, but when it started writing the CSS codes it completely ignored my prompt and instead used Arial. While I could have easily changed this bit when writing the code, small things like this was something that kept happening again and again. As we kept moving forward with the code, it would often forget or ignore all my previous prompts, which was frustrating at times. On the other hand, something that really helped was along with giving me the codes to achieve something it would also explain what was happening and what tag was responsible for what, which I believe could be helpful especially for a beginner. 

Most of what I did during this assignment worked well for me. I found myself constantly thinking back to everything I have learned so far and tried to incorporate most of it if not all. Some things that did not work for me was trying to forget or unlearn all the wrong ways of effectively writing a code. I first learnt how to code in 2016 and have been told that most of what I know was wrong or is not the right and effective way to write a code. Ever since I have been trying to unlearn and let go of all the old methods such as using a "br" tag inside a "p" tag to break paragraphs and using px and % for font size instead of ems and rems. While this has been a long and frustrating process, I think I am slowly getting the hang of it. Something else that I have not yet got comfortable with is linking VSC and GitHub Desktop and using them together. This past week I would regularly work on my codes and push and commit them on GitHub but last night I found out that it was nowhere to be seen on GitHub. I am still confused as to what went wrong and why it would not work as seen during the first tutorial session. Overall, I had interesting experience during this unit and it gave me a new perspective on how I can efficiently build a responsive website. 

Prompts:
<li> create a website on vivid sydney using html and css
<li> make the nav bar prettier
<li> use another font instead of arial
<li> add some colour to the website
<li> what information can i write on the home page of vivid sydney
<li> design a logo using shapes and colours using html and css for vivid sydney
